Hi, we're building real and we're trying
to tackle agenda video editing problem
from video editing problem from the
agent standpoint. I'm K. I'm founder and
co.
But let's first talk about what's
agentic video editing is. So as a user
you just drop in your media photos and
videos and provide some context. It can
be uh the context what happened in this
media part or it can be some directions
for example like add captions, add
music, add voice over and something like
that and then the agent will go
understand your media uh find the right
moments assemble everything together
generate captions, music, voice over
B-rolls uh and give you a ready to share
clip
uh And um yeah so basically um that's uh
video agentic video editing. So agent
does everything by itself or another
example do recorded uh a speak to camera
video and have you have a lot of pauses
unsuccessful shots and you expect an
agent to figure it out to remove
unsuccessful shots. Remove pauses and
give you a ready to share with you. Um
and uh the the interesting thing is that
a lot of actually a lot of the things
inside this pipeline can be automated
and this is exactly what we're doing at
this is um the example of uh bigger
engine
and um since we are at AI engineering
conference I wanted to talk a little bit
about infrastructure and from the
infrastructure standpoint. Aentic uh
video editor is very similar to aentic
app builder. Uh sorry there is a title
on the slide. So the second column is
aentic video editor. So both of them
have a prompt uh a component uh and in
the video editor case is a media plus
prompt and usually on back end what's
happening there is a remote machine
which is called sandbox uh which
spinning up and inside this machine
there is an agent with tools and skills
which is working on uh what you're
you're asking it to do. Uh in the case
of the agentic uh app builder is a code
base. Uh in the case of the agentic
video editor, it's a video video
composition and as a result in the agent
builder user get an app preview and for
the video editor users user get rendered
a rendered video
and but yes the the infra from
infrastructural standpoint it's pretty
similar but there are a couple of
differences. Uh and uh this is actually
most interesting to me generating versus
editing. At real pool, we are focusing
on editing real footage. So, we do not
generate a lot of content. We are
expecting you to provide your real life,
your um personal content and we will
edit it for you. And actually, this is
uh a more complex problem because if the
agent has a blank blank canvas, it can
do whatever they have. But in the
editing case, the agent has to figure
out uh which moments are best uh what to
what to use, how to organize everything
together. And also um sometimes footage
can be um messy or incomplete and agent
still has to deliver a very polished
result professional way so that ideally
the viewers of this content don't get
into this like AI or uh human edited.
So let's actually have a look how we do
it uh at real. So we start as I already
mentioned with your media plus account
some directions like how you want it to
be edited and we need to get a polished
clip. So let's go through it step by
step. So we are doing first media
understanding. We need to understand
what's in what's actually happening uh
on those clips and photos and we also
need to transcribe speech. For example,
in the case if you have speed to camera
videos, then we are providing a creative
plan for the users so that they can
approve if they like it or not, what
they want to change or maybe regenerate
uh and we create this plan before
actually starting editing. Once the user
approved this plan uh we spin up a
sandbox the remote uh remote machine
that we already discussed and this is an
environment for the agent to uh execute
everything. So the agent comes with the
skills and in our case in in the case of
uh video editing our skills are for
example cultures how for example how to
select the best moments uh also funes
which fonts are uh more suitable for
this use case which are not for example
how to generate beles and this is where
taste and craft uh actually
um and then also Asian uh can um can
initiate some other subprocesses. For
example, generating music that will fit
this exact composition. Generating voice
over, adding sounds, animating images.
Yes, this is actually what we do. If you
provide photos, we can animate your
photos to make them more uh dynamic and
engaging. And then comes remote
composition. So here a little bit of
background. What's remote motion?
Remotion is a framework open source open
source framework uh to create videos as
code as react code. Uh so basically it's
just like a a file with the order with
all your assets and tracks and how
they're following each other. And um why
it is important because uh agents are
really good at writing code and
therefore we can use them to create
videos with this promotion framework.
And then uh the last thing is the
verification layer. Of course, agents
can make mistakes and that's why we
developed this verification layer to
make sure that all the um the
composition is clean is well defined
everything will be rendered and if there
there are some problems then the agent
will reiterate on the composition and
this is how we got to a polished clip.
So it's a lot right? Uh it's like a very
complex workflow. Uh and ideally we
don't want our users to even know
anything about it. And this is even
maybe bigger problem how to deliver this
complex agent workflow to mass consumer.
And this is how we're tackling that at
real. So we decided to go mobile first
so that users can edit videos while
driving, walking or maybe reading ways.
Uh also I know that prompting videos can
sometimes be also challenging. That's
why we create directional templates. For
example, stick to camera videos or maybe
you want to add B- rolls or voice over
so that users can just select these
directional templates, drop their media
and that's it. Even without any prompt,
it will it will work. And the third
thing is a building editor. Uh why?
Because we want to make this experience
convenient and familiar for users. So a
lot of people are already sort of uh
using uh regular video editors and
that's why we want to provide this
experience as well. So how it works?
User first generates a video
pageentically but if they want to tweak
it for example remove a second or maybe
uh correct some word in the captions
they can go with an editor and edit it a
little bit. Um yeah andh actually I have
a couple of examples here that I
recently created with Google. Uh I will
play them just once. Sorry.
Do you hear
a little bit? Okay. You just enjoy the
So uh yeah basically all these videos
they were assembled only using agent no
uh regular video editor and I'm already
posting them on social media And yeah,
it I I have a lot of fun with that. And
oh, sorry. Uh and exclusively for this
conference, we are uh giving our beta uh
which is our new new second version. Uh
please give it a try. Uh and uh let me
know if you have any feedback. Uh here
is my uh email. Please uh feel free to
reach out.